# synopsis
In this theme, which consists of 2 directories and 2 main files in general, there are files to be added to libexec or path in the src. The entrypoint is the file where all files are found, and lazyload is used to easily call libraries.

# entrypoint.sh
We recommend that you change the entrypoint file according to your project name, for example, if the project name is "cotocat", change this file to `mv entrypoint.sh octocat.sh`, then call the libraries in this file with lazyload and define the parameters just like the examples there.

# lazyload.sh
The lazy load method checks the files given as parameters by referencing the directory where the file is located, and if there are files, it sources them all, if not, it returns non-zero, this method is above the lib directory and is called in the entrypoint, also there is no needed to add .sh ext.

example:
```bash
# src/entrypoint.sh
source "${SRCDIR}/lazyload.sh" "lib/core" "lib/utils" "lib/DFS"
```

# Makefile
Makefile is our make file that we know, we can enter our setup commands in the setup definition, and for remove, the commands required to uninstall will be handled automatically, the install parameter does the installation, the uninstall removes it, and reinstall runs both definitions in order, just in case during the development process.

# Dockerfile
Dockerfile has been generated by considering a general distribution (ubuntu) to facilitate testing during the development process, testing can be done using this.

# src
src means source as an expansion, this directory contains executable files and in general these files are added to the path, even if it is not added to the path, at least one file (entrypoint) must be added to the path, this file is the last script between the user and the program.

# lib
lib, i.e. library, as the name suggests, this directory contains libraries, there are various ways to use these libraries, but for this theme, it would be more appropriate to call the necessary libraries with lazyload.sh in a parent directory.

# doc
It contains documents related to the program on the name of doc, that is, document, all kinds of documents from any language can be found here.